Clarify GRPC port in migration docs (#1897)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/database-tutorials/migration.md

```bash  
docker run --rm -it \
    registry.cloud.qdrant.io/library/qdrant-migration qdrant \
    --source.url 'https://source-instance.cloud.qdrant.io:6334' \
    --target.api-key 'qdrant-source-key' \
    --source.collection 'benchmark' \
    --target.url 'https://target-instance.cloud.qdrant.io:6334' \
    --target.api-key 'qdrant-target-key' \
    --target.collection 'benchmark'
```

<aside role="alert">

>     Note: The migration CLI uses the Qdrant GRPC API, this means you must always configure the GRPC port for all Qdrant URLs with the Migration CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: The migration CLI uses the Qdrant GRPC API, this means you must always configure the GRPC port for Qdrant URLs with the Migration CLI (default: 6334).
```
